
### Example "Graphic Design Fundamentals"

Pretend that you are an aspiring graphic designer learning **"Graphic Design Fundamentals"**. You are given a task to research something about *Typography*. You are working in teams of 4. You found an article about Typography at a renowned design website. You found a topic *"Aesthetics of Letters"* at a leading typography blog. You have a full description of Typography in a comprehensive design guide, although you only need a few sentences that are valuable to you. **InsightsFlow** allows you to create a custom DataSet (named *TypographySet*) that would contain all the research information related to Typography. After that, you add 3 records (articles into the *TypographySet*), each one of them representing a piece of information you've gathered: the article, the topic *"Aesthetics of Letters"*, Description from the design guide. All the articles are united by the *Typography* concept. Then you decided to share it with your teammates. They create users just like you, and you give them access to *TypographySet*. A teammate Alice added another record containing links to websites where further information could be found. A teammate Bob adds several YouTube videos about Typography and Wikipedia pages into the records. Another teammate Carol edits the *TypographySet* and enriches it with their information.
You get a notification each time your teammates add or change something because you've set up a "watcher" that notifies you and your teammates about the changes. That is useful as it allows all of you to collaborate effectively, work together on the same goal, and validate each other's contributions.

After the research is complete, you have to do another research on a related topic, Color Theory. You create another DataSet, named *ColorTheorySet*. And create a relationship between them to be able to easily jump between *TypographySet* and *ColorTheorySet* (These topics are related).
After some time you finish the course on *Graphic Design Fundamentals* and start a new one on *Advanced Design Principles*. To finish this course, you'll have to implement a project *DesignMasterpieceProject*. Advanced Design Principles has a prerequisite that you know *Graphic Design Fundamentals*. As it's been already a year since you finished *Graphic Design Fundamentals*, you've already forgotten a lot about it, so you open *TypographySet* and remind yourself all you've learned. You scroll through the *TypographySet* your team has created and find a few links and a lot of valuable Insights that will help you to implement the *DesignMasterpieceProject* requested by the instructor.

In the final year, you easily decide that your diploma work will be based on the research of *Typography*, *Color Theory*, and *DesignMasterpieceProject* you've completed. It will have the name **DesignInnovationsDiploma**.
